Oops what are you doing
Sorry, yeah.
cannot afford
I passed the exam like this.
You get up
No matter how poor our Lu family is
Can't kneel down to anyone
Not even my sister
You know what? I know.
Oh, you really want to divorce that Wu Qianqian?
Divorce is fine
Don't want a woman like Wu Qianqian
Don't worry.
I'm not that Luoyang anymore
I'm going to make a lot of money soon
Oh, hurry up and return this money first.
It's not enough. Your second sister and I have to find a way.
You have to promise me that I really can't gamble anymore
Don't worry, sister.
I will definitely give you the best life.
Stock Internet
Crude oil real estate
Antiques have so many opportunities in this era
Which one should I catch first?
And these all require start-up capital
Yes.
owe owe
The last time I saw a bowl at your house
So big three times
Where did the food go?
My mother fed it to the dog
What the hell?
I just saw the exact same one on TV
It sold for more than 1 million.
In his last life, Yang Hailiang took this dog bowl.
Finally, it was identified as Tang Sancai
Sold for 3 million
He's mine now.
King, I am now
To make a lot of money